Minutes

Mostly we had a long informal discussion and some get-acquainted time.  But also, here are some specifics:

Idea: Set up a place to link all the projects that are using VF so people can see examples, re-use code, etc.  Greg has some ideas for this.

Some discussion of mapping and various people who are engaged with mapping software.  Maybe we should start an issues for this.  (We already have one for vf:Location.)

Next release discussion, what people might want sooner than later:
* Resource models, service models (vs. Good Relations handling)
* Intents (offers/requests). Good to also involve Pavlik, Paul Mackay.

Also recommendation for a guide for people on how to think about implenting VF.

Some discussion of various people involved with food and possible standards.

Some discussion of mutual credit. Mikey: https://viewer.scuttlebot.io/%25%2F4DahnKDhVioNV4oaDdcUqpPCUYd98eCxsBldlHXEXE%3D.sha256

Decision: open up the internal gitter chat to be public.
